Program: 1A
Create a Java class called Student with the following details as    variables within it.i. USNii. Nameiii. Branchiv. Phone.
Write a Java program to create n Student objects and print the USN, Name, Branch and Phone of these objects with suitable heading.

Program: 1B
Write a Java program to implement the Stack using arrays.Write Push(),Pop() and Display() methods to demonstrate its working.

Program : 2A
Design a superclass called Staff with details as StaffId,Name,Phone,Salary.Extend thus class by writing three subclasses namely Teaching(domain,publications),Technical (skills) andcontract(period).
Write a JAva program to raed and display atleast 3 staff objects of all three categories

Program : 2B
Write a java class called Customer to store their name and date_of_birth.The date_of_birth format should be dd/mm/yyy.
Write methods to read customer date as and display as using StringTokenizer class considering the delimiter character as '/'.

Program: 3b
Write a java program that implements a multi-thread application that has three thread. Frist  thread generates a random integer for 
every 1seccond; second thread computes the square of the number and prints; third thread will print the value of cube of the number

Program: 4
Sort a given set of n integer elements using Quick Sort method and compute its time complexity. Run the program for varied values of n>5000, and record the time taken to sort.
Plot a graph of the time taken versus non graph sheet.
The elements can be read from a file or can be generated using the random generator. Demonstrate using Java 
how the divide and conquer method works along with its time complexityanalysis: worst case,average case and best case.

Program: 5
Sort a given set of n integer elements using Merge Sort method and compute its time complexity. Run the program for varied values of n>5000, and record the time taken to sort.
Plot a graph of the time taken versus non graph sheet. 
The elements can be read from a file or can be generated using the random generator. Demonstrate using Java 
how the divide and conquer method works along with its time complexityanalysis: worst case,average case and best case

Program: 6A
Implement in java, 0/1 Knapsack problem using Dynamic Programming method

Program: 6B
Implement in Java, the 0/1 Knapsack problem using Greedy method

Program: 7
From a given vertex in a weighted connected graph, 
find shortest path to other vertices using Dijkstra’s algorithm.  Write the program in Java.

Program: 8
Find Minimum Cost Spanning Tree of a given connected undirected
graph using Kruskal’s algorithm. Use Union-Find algorithms in your program.

Program :9
Find Minimum Cost Spanning Tree of a given connected undirected graph using Prim’s algorithm

Program: 10A
Write a Java Program to implements All-pairs shortest paths using Floyd’s Algorithm.

Program: 10B
Write Java program to implements Travelling Sales Person using Dynamicprogramming.

Program 11
Design and implement in Java to find a subset of a given set S={S1,S2,….,Sn} of n positive integers whose SUM is equal to 
a given positive integer d. For example, if S={1,2,5,6,8} and d=9, there are two solutions {1,2,6} and {1,8}. 
Display a suitable message, if the given problem instance doesn’t have a solution.

PROGRAM 12
Design and implement in Java to find all Hamiltonian Cycles in a connected undirectedGraph G of n vertices using backtracking principle
